Do you think this is a difficult thing to recognize?
Our protagonist above is Miss Bai
And now he is reading our certificate book
I didn't want to tell this kind of person
The man I gave you this time looks like he can't fall too hard.
Your Bai family's strength probably doesn't require the Bai family to sell it out, right?
What is it for your own use? It’s better to graduate on your own.
You knocked out the virtual arch and it was not me who made the fire fall.
These strengths of yours do not constitute strength.
You just got discovered by me
If you go out like this, someone will attack you.
I may not be as ignorant as you are.
From the moment you feel the medicine
These are all this self
Miss Bai, I hope to give you the entire rainbow’s waist
On the first floor of the hospital, the whole rainbow is full of people.
This time I can give the entire Rainbow People of the Slave Class Department
So brave
I actually found Mrs. Dogtai lowering her waist
Madam, you still dare to go to the company house?
Go madam and apologize
You stinky old man, I'll give you a polish
But you struggled yourself
Then this one is your fund
Don't let me go, miss.
Just a cast member
There's smooth, smooth, smooth, right
Basically, it’s you who develops it.
Just wait for me
I'm looking for you right now
Then Miss Bai
The wonderful memory of Ms. Bai was transferred organically in prison.
Before you cum, you clear someone else's mountain
Just take a trip with me